Add Qualification tool support (#2551)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: rapids-4-spark-tools/README.md

# Spark Qualification and Profiling tools

> The qualification tool is used to rank a set of applications to determine if the Rapids Plugin for Spark is a good fit for those applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The qualification tool is used to rank a set of applications to determine if the RAPIDS Accelerator for Apache Spark is a good fit for those applications.
```

The profiling tool generates information which can be used for ranking applications debugging and profiling.
Information such as Spark version, executor information, Properties and so on.  Works with both cpu and gpu generated event logs.

(The code is based on Apache Spark 3.1.1 source code, and tested using Spark 3.0.x and 3.1.1 event logs)

## Prerequisites
1. Require Spark 3.1.1 or newer installed

## How to compile
1. `mvn clean package`

## Qualification Tool

### Use from Spark
1. Include rapids-4-spark-tools-<version>.jar in the '--jars' option to spark-shell or spark-submit
2. After starting spark-shell:

For multiple event logs comparison and analysis:
```
com.nvidia.spark.rapids.tool.profiling.QualificationMain.main(Array("/path/to/eventlog1", "/path/to/eventlog2"))
```

### How to compile and use from command-line
1. `./bin/spark-submit --class com.nvidia.spark.rapids.tool.profiling.QualificationMain <Spark-Rapids-Repo>/rapids-4-spark-tools/target/rapids-4-spark-tools-<version>.jar /path/to/eventlog1 /path/to/eventlog2`

### Output
By default this outputs a file `./rapids_4_spark_qualification.log` that contains the rankings of the applications. The output

> location can be changed using the `--output-directory` option.  Run `--help` for more information.

Author: documentation will come later
